She's just a rural woman.
Regardless of wealth, status, power, ability.
Why did you protect her according to Your Majesty s will?
It's her identity.
More noble than you think.
It's still here.
I've lived with her for ten years.
I know who she is best.
She's just a family.
Poor village girl
What noble status can there be?
The reason she's messing around here
Whatever.
Because I was made king by Your Majesty.
She's jealous.
So I came here to tear up the holy thread.
It ruined my future.
But his petty tricks are of no value in the face of real power.
You invert black and white
The ability to change is admirable.
Li Huining, are you really the noble people here who don t see your petty little feelings?
Ly Van Hieu for so many years
Are you really trying to understand me?
You are there to blame the world.
If you hadn't turned your face today
It's not going to happen.
Your name does not reveal your identity.
You can also enjoy your wealth in the countryside.
But what about now?
You have nothing.
You are also related to literature.
It's connected to my house.
You should apologize for bowing down to Van Hieu.
Sorry, I gave him everything.
It's him who should apologize.
And the whole family.
Shut up.
Still not ashamed enough?
I haven't caught my eye on your little favor yet.
What I get now has nothing to do with you.
It's from my adoptive mother, the chief princess.
Haha.
Laughing at what?
I laugh at you in vain.
I laugh at you for being right.
I laugh that you have eyes that do not know Thai Son.
I laughed at myself too.
Laughing, I don't know who.
Can't see through your wolf's heart
If you want to blame yourself, you can only blame yourself.